README.md, before:

# liushelly.com

The official website of Shelly Liu and her digital marketing agency, Socials by Shelly.

This repository showcases **version 2.1** of the website, which was rebuilt from the ground up to provide a better user experience to her clients when visiting the website, and to Shelly when she makes content in her Sanity Studio.

## Project overview

|    Website    |             Studio            |
| ------------- | ----------------------------- |
| ![demo][demo] | ![demo - studio][demo-studio] |

### Tech stack

- [create-t3-app][t3] (Next.js 14, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS)
- [shadcn/ui][ui]
- [Tabler Icons][icons]
- [Sanity CMS][cms]
- [Resend][resend] + [React Email][email]

[demo]: https://github.com/mikeploythai/liushelly-com/assets/110638329/0f15e040-0692-42c6-a64d-eb80b89d5251
[demo-studio]: https://github.com/mikeploythai/liushelly-com/assets/110638329/cc38d6a6-400c-44cf-80b1-1f6cd598e763
[t3]: https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app
[ui]: https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui
[icons]: https://github.com/tabler/tabler-icons
[cms]: https://sanity.io
[resend]: https://resend.com
[email]: https://github.com/resend/react-email

Commit message:

Added links to branches page and website

README.md, after:

# liushelly.com

The official website of Shelly Liu and her digital marketing agency, Socials by Shelly.

This repository showcases **version 2.1** of the website, which was rebuilt from the ground up to provide a better user experience to her clients when visiting the website, and to Shelly when she makes content in her Sanity Studio. Feel free to visit the [branches][branches] page to look at any prior versions of the source code.

## Project overview

|    [Website][website]    |             Studio            |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
|       ![demo][demo]      | ![demo - studio][demo-studio] |

### Tech stack

- [create-t3-app][t3] (Next.js 14, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS)
- [shadcn/ui][ui]
- [Tabler Icons][icons]
- [Sanity CMS][cms]
- [Resend][resend] + [React Email][email]

[branches]: https://github.com/mikeploythai/liushelly-com/branches
[website]: https://liushelly.com
[demo]: https://github.com/mikeploythai/liushelly-com/assets/110638329/0f15e040-0692-42c6-a64d-eb80b89d5251
[demo-studio]: https://github.com/mikeploythai/liushelly-com/assets/110638329/cc38d6a6-400c-44cf-80b1-1f6cd598e763
[t3]: https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app
[ui]: https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui
[icons]: https://github.com/tabler/tabler-icons
[cms]: https://sanity.io
[resend]: https://resend.com
[email]: https://github.com/resend/react-email
